In 2005, I mistakenly stumbled into a seminar where a 500L medicine student of Lautech was teaching “internet business opportunities” That was the first time I heard the phrase “make money online” and I immediately realized that this is an opportunity that could change my life forever. "How on earth does someone 'make money online'" I wondered, as I am certain many people too are wondering even now. Well, 15 years later, not only do I make money online, I have built businesses that have done millions online. I created this short report to help many people avoid some of my mistakes and get into the right path. So, let’s get into it.


First of all if you want to truly, really "make money online," there are are only two ways.
its either you are selling a product or you are redring a skill

            selling online

2. To sale a product online, you MUST have something for sale and you must learn how to sell it online. You do so by offering something of value, a product in exchange for money 3. You must choose something real, something that can grow and you must have the discipline/patience to learn and do work to grow it.

The best program about online marketing that I can vouch for right now is this one called -----------------

         preview


WHAT THEY SAY ABOUT ME is true. I’m one of those natural born salesmen who can sell ice to an Eskimo, oil to an Arab, pork to a rabbi, or anything else you can think of. But who really cares about that, right? I mean, unless you want to hire me to sell one of your products, my ability to close is basically irrelevant to you. Whatever the case, that’s my gift: the ability to sell anything to anyone, in massive quantities; and whether this gift comes from God or from nature, I really can’t say, although what I am able to say—with absolute certainty, in fact—is that I am not the only person who was born with it. There are a handful of others who are sort of like me. The reason they are only sort of like me has to do with another precious gift I possess, a gift that’s infinitely more rare and infinitely more valuable, and that offers a massive benefit to everyone. Including you.


What is this amazing gift? Quite simply, it’s the ability to take people from all walks of life regardless of age, race, creed, color, socioeconomic background, educational status, and level of natural sales ability, and turn that person into a world-class closer almost instantly.


You see, before I began teaching the system again, I spent two full years going line by line through its code—taking every last nuance and pushing it to an even higher level of operational proficiency, while ensuring that every last bit was grounded at the highest level of ethics and integrity.


What I offer you on the following pages is a turnkey solution for applying the Straight Line System to any business or industry. For those of you in sales, or if you own your own business, this book will be a total game-changer for you. It will show you how to shorten your sales cycle, increase your closing rate, develop a steady stream of customer referrals, and create customers for life. In addition, it will also offer you a paint-by-number formula for building and maintaining a world-class sales force. And, for those of you who are not in sales, this book will be equally as valuable to you. You see, one of the costliest mistakes that “civilians” make is that they tend to think of sales and persuasion in traditional terms only, where there’s a salesperson closing a deal. So, they ask themselves, “Since I’m not in sales, what’s the point of learning how to sell?” Meanwhile, nothing could be further from the truth. Even if you’re not in “sales,” you still need to become at least reasonably proficient at sales and persuasion. Otherwise, you’re going to find yourself living a severely disempowered life. Selling is everything in life. In fact, either you’re selling or you’re failing. You’re selling people that your ideas make sense, your concepts make sense, your products make sense: you could be a parent selling your kids on the importance of taking a bath or doing their homework; you could be a teacher selling your students on the value of education; a lawyer selling a jury on the innocence of your client; a pastor selling your congregation on the existence of God or Jesus of Mohammad or Buddha; a politician selling your constituency on the benefits of voting for a certain referendum—in short, selling applies to all people, and all aspects of life, both business and personal. After all, at some point in our lives, we’ll all have to sell






Again, it doesn’t matter what line of work you’re in or if it’s business or personal. We’re always trying to convey our thoughts and ideas and hopes and dreams in a way that not only moves people to take action but that also gets us what we want in life too. That’s what ethical persuasion is all about; and without that one, linchpin skill, it is very difficult to achieve success, at any reasonable level, or live an empowered life. In fact, at the end of the day, that’s what this book is really all about. By providing you with a simple, proven way to master the art of communication, you’ll be able to move through life with far greater personal power and live a far more empowered life. Just always remember the words of Spider-Man’s uncle, from the first Spider- Man movie. “With great power,” he warned, “comes great responsibility.” This book will grant you that power.

it doesnt matter whether you have a product or not. this course will broaden your knowledge on step by step procedures on how to sell digital products and make income as much as you want at the confort of your home


bonus course

we are also ofering you a bonus course on

MMO Model 4 - Importation/Ecommerce
E-commerce is all about 3 things: (1) Searching for physical products that solve problems for people or help them get closer to their desires. You can source these products here in Nigeria or import them. (2) Buying the products at the lowest cost possible, importing them to Nigeria. (3) And using a genius marketing method to sell them for a good ROI. If you are going to run with this business model, make sure you do not run it like a lot of people. Run it as a proper business. Start with a huge and profitable audience/market. E.g. Fitness, babies (Moms), Women's fashion, Skin care Look for challenges people have in that market
Find products on Aliexpress that solve those challenges - In fact, you will even come across many products on Aliexpress that fix challenges you do not know about. Buy the products for the lowest cost you can find (You may have to use an agent or other sites for this) E.g. Some products that sell for N$2 a piece can be gotten from 1688.com for far lesser Create a marketing system that allows you to pull in people who are interested in the type of products you are importing. You can advertise using Facebook, Instagram, Youtube, Google, Blogs Sell to them Sell to them repeatedly If you decide to take this to another level, you might even create a brand name and find companies that can help you create products with your brand name printed on them But you don't have to start with that. You can start importing with at least N50,000 or even lower.
"However the most important factor is for you to ONLY import products that people really want to buy." Personally, I don't import products until I have advertised it and gotten proof that it is a product that will sell. That is when I go ahead to buy it. Ecommerce requires a capital of at least N50,000 to get it started.

 I urge you to get the course inplement it and live a life of your own.